Improve spaces and role & permissions for users and admins (#97)
owncloud/docs-webui: modules/owncloud_web/pages/web_for_users.adoc

// FIXME: Elaborate more when it's working. Is there a diff to come? I hope so.

== Sharing Roles and Permissions

> * Members can be added to a Space so that they gain access to all files and folders within the space. Members get the sharing *and* space permissions granted depending by their role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Members can be added to a space so that they gain access to all files and folders within the space. Members are granted sharing *and* space permissions, depending on their role.
```

* Members can have different roles and permissions in different spaces.
* When sharing single files and folders only, sharees are granted the sharing, *but not* the space permissions.

> The following table describes the default roles and it's permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table describes the default roles and their permissions.
```

> NOTE: Permissions *sum up* as higher the role gets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Permissions *sum up* with increasing resposibility.
```

[width=100,cols=".^30%,.^100%,.^100%",options="header",]
|===
| Role
^| Sharing Permissions
^| Space Permissions

| Viewer
a| * read documents,
* view images,
* play videos.
a| * get info about the space.

| Editor

> a| * modify documents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a| * modify documents,
```

* delete documents,
* upload content to a space.
a| * edit the space name,
* edit the space description,
* add or change the image for the space,
* empty the spaces trash bin,

> * recover files from the spaces trashbin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* recover files from the spaces trash bin.
```

| Manager
|
a| * invite additional members,
* share a space,
* deactivate and activate a space ^(1)^,
* delete a space,
* change the roles of members, +
including those of other managers. A downgrade to viewer or editor is possible.

|
^a| Personal Sharing View +
image:web-for-users/sharing-menu.png[Personal Sharing Menu,width=300] +
Spaces Sharing View +
image:web-for-users/spaces-share-menu.png[Spaces Sharing Menu,width=300]
^| image:web-for-users/spaces-menu.png[Spaces Menu,width=300]
|===

> (1) ... With deactivating, a Manager can disable any access to a space including sharing and syncing. This can be used to keep data in a frozen state before finally deleting it later on. To regain full access including sharing and syncing, a deactivated space can be activated again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(1) ... By deactivating, a Manager can disable any access to a space including sharing and syncing. This can be used to keep data in a frozen state before finally deleting it later on. To regain full access including sharing and syncing, a deactivated space can be activated again.
```
